---
layout: page
---

## Frequently Asked Questions


* [Will undergraduate and graduate students be graded differently?](#grad-undergrad)

* [I am not comfortable using LaTeX. Can you help?](#latex)

* [Which languages should we use for the programming assignments?](#which-languages)

* [For the programming assignments, should I turn in source code or will compiled binaries do?](#hw-code-vs-binaries)

* [Can I use <a popular machine learning library> for doing the homeworks?](#hw-ml-libraries)

* [How do I get access to the CADE machines?](#cade-accounts)


----

<a name="grad-undergrad">

#### Will undergraduate and graduate students be graded differently?

Yes. Graduate students will be asked to do more work (e.g. extra
questions in homeworks and/or exams). And grad and undergraduate
students will be curved differently.

<a name="latex">

#### I am not comfortable using LaTeX. Can you help?

LaTeX is extremely useful for writing mathematics. While teaching
LaTeX is beyond the scope of this course, there are some online
resources that can help. [ShareLaTeX](https://www.sharelatex.com/) and
[Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/) are two online editors. And
ShareLaTeX has
[well written documentation](https://www.sharelatex.com/learn) on
getting started with LaTeX.

<a name="which-languages">

#### Which languages should we use for the programming assignments?

We recommend that you use one of Java, Python, Matlab or C/C++ for the
assignments, primarily because these are the languages that the
instructor and the TAs are familiar with and can provide help if
necessary. 

Keep in mind that all your code *should* run on the CADE lab machines
without us having to install any new programs or libraries. Of course,
you could write the code on your own machines and test it on the CADE
servers. However, this may restrict the languages you can use.

<a name="hw-code-vs-binaries">

#### For the programming assignments, should I turn in source code or will compiled binaries do?

We will *not* accept compiled binaries. We need to see the source
code.


<a name="hw-ml-libraries">

#### Can I use [a popular machine learning library] for doing the homeworks?
  
No. The point of the homeworks is to help you learn about the
intricacies of implementing learning algorithms and conducting
experiments with them. So you can't use libraries that do this work
for you. 

For example, you cannot use decision tree code from scikit learn or
SVM from Weka, etc. You should implement all the machine learning
algorithms (and experiment related code like cross-validation).

<a name="cade-accounts">

#### How do I get access to the CADE machines?

The [CADE lab website](http://www.cade.utah.edu/) is supposed to give
all the information . Perhaps you can try to create an account here:
[https://webhandin.eng.utah.edu/cade](https://webhandin.eng.utah.edu/cade).

